HTTP- HYPERTEXT TRANSFER PROTOCOL
-------------------------------------------------------------
     1. Http is nothing but basically the information given by server based on what client request
from his device.
    2. HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol, and it is the basis for almost all web applications.

 Introdcution
        The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997. Because it went through several stages of development.
 this first version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1. This version is still in use on the web. 
In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP/2 was created.

Difference between http1 and http2: 

    Performance: In HTTP/2, developers have hands-on, detailed control over prioritization. This allows them to 
                            maximize perceived and actual page load speed to a degree that was not possible in HTTP/1.1

   Priortization : In the context of web performance, prioritization refers to the order in which pieces of content are loaded.
                            the order in which these page resources load affects how the user perceives page load time.

   Multiplexing : HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it.
                          HTTP 2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource 
                           blocks any other resource.

    ServerPush :  HTTP only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it.
                          HTTP 2HTTP/2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content 
                           to a client before the client asks for it.

    Header compression:  Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance,  
                                       both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 compress HTTP messages to make them smaller. 
                                       However, HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called
                                       HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets
